<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>
        <title>Facelet Title</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <modal id="amodal" title="Modal Example" styleClass="modalPseudoClass">
  <p>Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Morbi leo risus, porta ac consectetur ac, vestibulum at eros.</p>
  <p>Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor.</p>
  <p>Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Donec sed odio dui. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla.</p>
  <p>Cras mattis consectetur purus sit amet fermentum. Cras justo odio, dapibus ac facilisis in, egestas eget quam. Morbi leo risus, porta ac consectetur ac, vestibulum at eros.</p>
  <p>Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Vivamus sagittis lacus vel augue laoreet rutrum faucibus dolor auctor.</p>
  <p>Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Donec sed odio dui. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla.</p>
  <f:facet name="footer">
    <button value="Close" dismiss="modal" />
    <button value="Ok" look="primary" dismiss="modal" />
  </f:facet>
</modal>
<row>
  <column span="3">
    <a id="atrigger" class="btn btn-primary btn-lg" href="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML A tag)</a>
  </column>
  <column span="3">
    <button id="btrigger" class="btn btn-info btn-lg" data-target="#amodal" data-toggle="modal">Trigger (HTML Button)</button>
  </column>
  <column span="3">
    <button value="Trigger (JSF passthrough)" look="warning" p:data-target="#amodal" p:data-toggle="modal" size="lg"/>
  </column>
  <column span="3">
    <button value="Trigger (JavaScript)" look="success" onclick="$('.modalPseudoClass').modal()" size="lg"/>
  </column>
</row>
        
        <h:form id="myFormID">
  <modal id="amodal2" title="Modal Example" styleClass="modalPseudoClass2"
           closable="false"  close-on-escape="false" backdrop="false">
    <p>Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the
    countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts.
    Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the
    Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows
    by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It
    is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences
    fly into your mouth. Even the all-powerful Pointing has no control
    about the blind texts it is an almost unorthographic life. One day
    however a small line of blind text by the name of Lorem Ipsum
    decided to leave for the far World of Grammar. The Big Oxmox
    advised her not to do so, because there were thousands of bad
    Commas, wild Question Marks and devious Semikoli, but the Little
    Blind Text didn’t listen. She packed her seven versalia, put her
    initial into the belt and made herself on the way. When she
    reached the first hills of the Italic Mountains, she had a last
    view back on the skyline of her hometown Bookmarksgrove, the
    headline of Alphabet Village and the subline of her own road, the
    Line Lane.
    </p>
    <f:facet name="footer">
      <button value="Close" dismiss="modal" />
      <button value="Ok" look="primary" dismiss="modal" />
    </f:facet>
  </modal>
</h:form>
<row>
  <column span="3">
    <button value="Trigger (JavaScript)" look="success" onclick="$('.modalPseudoClass2').modal()" size="lg"/>
  </column>
</row>
    </h:body>
</html>

